this is a pretty common mistake pool
installer this is the bottom of the pool
bull installers love flex and I like
flex I know that a lot of people say
it's bad but if used properly it's a
wonderful wonderful thing and that it's
better than rigid for a lot of reasons
but this is a pretty common mistake this
is the very bottom of the pool and let
this installer has done is installed
these two main drains
there's your main drain fitting but what
what he did was he ran the flex line
directly into the 90 and then ran it
around the outside of the pool was in it
was in this fashion approximately and
the problem with that is if there's any
settling whatsoever in the backfill
material and because this pool was built
in backfill good sand there absolutely
was sadly a matter of fact we found a
foot or two of air between the concrete
and the apron of the the backfill when
we let me open it up it actually it
pushes on the on the flex and you can
see it's turned that fitting down and
it's only a matter of time between
before either the pool will break and
fracture which is why there's so much
silicone put on here it's kind of a
preventive or this ninety fitting will
break or the flex will just come and
come out and become uh Nadine to the to
the ninety so anytime that there's a
fitting going in below grade it's
important that the fitting is plumbed
with rigid and brought straight up until
it gets to the top of the pool and then
we connect our flex and that's really
the the only way to make certain that
soil can't shift can move and won't pull
on your fittings and cause a leak down
the road